Q) What's the difference between an LLM and a traditional API?
    an llm generates output based on probability from context, traditional api executes a function based on the method 
     a traditional API is deterministic while an LLM is probabilistic

Q) What are tokens?
    tokens are the basic bite-sized pieces of text that an LLM reads and processes, an llm breaks your text promt into fragments called tokens 
        1 token is roughly equal to 4 characters.
        1 token is roughly equal to 0.75 words.
        Therefore, 100 tokens is approximately 75 words.

Q) What is rag ?
    Retrieval augmented generation: is the specific data pipeline that makes the AI smart enough to answer questions accurately using your own private files or data

    The 3 Steps of a RAG Pipeline: when user types message into an ai agent, rag executes these 3 Steps
    * Retrieval: The system takes the user's question and searches a special repository called a Vector Database (where your company's PDFs, docs, or website articles are stored). It pulls out only the text snippets that match the user's intent.
    * Augmentation: The system dynamically merges the user's original question with those extracted text snippets into a single, comprehensive mega-prompt.
    * Generation: The final augmented prompt is sent to the LLM. The LLM reads the attached data and generates a clean, conversational response grounded completely in facts.

Q) What are embeddings?
    embeddings represent data as vectors in a high-dimensional numerical space
    "Apple iPhone" ->  [0.12, -0.43, 0.87, ...]
    Semantically similar things tend to be closer in vector space.

Q) what is halucination: 
    hallucination is when an AI or agent confidently generates false, inaccurate, or completely fabricated info that is not supported by real-world data or the context it was given

Q) What's function/tool calling?
    is a feature that allows an LLM to control and interact with the real world by connecting to traditional APIs and databases

Q) Design an AI chatbot that can answer questions about a company's internal documents. what would be the flow ? 
    documets->embedding->vector db->retrive----------->->llm->answer prompt 
    user->prompt->retrive------------------------------>
    